Sahrani Operation

To Do
-Plan all missions
-OpOrd
-Ribbon
-Create Missions
-Mod JJ showed?


Background:
Brent's alternate world: https://github.com/DavidCamre/USECRepository/issues/59

The island nation of Sahrani, a former Spanish colony, is located in the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of Northern Africa.
Since 1973 it has been split into two sepeate nations, northern The People's Democratic Republic of Sahrani (DPRS), allied to 
the former communist block, and the southern Republic of Sahrani (ROS), a pro-western nation.

The island has been split in two since the Sahrani War of 1972-3, which was triggered when pro-communist rebels seized power in a 
violent coup. NATO did not like the idea of a communist Sahrani hosting Soviet long range bombers in the event of WW3, and
intervened to assist the former pro-western goverment. The conflict, which spanned eight months, eventually came to and end with a
shaky ceasefire agreement after NATO and loyalist forces has taken the south peninsula from the communist forced, who had been 
heavily backed by the Soviets. 

The ceasefire is still shaky today - the only reason why it has held for so long is that while NATO had captured the strategic
airport and the capital Paraiso, the communists still held the mineral rich north, were happy to concede the south for the 
chance to enjoy the north's riches.

At the time of the ceasefire, the fighting had reached the town of Corazol, with both sides occupying the area. Over the years,
a Demilitrized Zone has come into being - a 100m wide stretch of abandoned buildings, littered with mines and barbed wire.
Both sides have recovered economically, with the north profiting well from selling their rare earth minerals to the west for
electronics manufacturing, and the south hosting a thriving tourism industry, sunburning many Emglish tourists a year. 

However last year, DPRS President-for-life Richardicz died suddently from a heart attack. He was replaced by a well known party
hardliner, Torrez. The new president announced that he would re-unite Sahrani, and quickly began revitalising his country's
military. Defence analysists have thought that Torrez has done this in order to accept payment for disarming, in order to keep
the peace in Sahrani.

SMEAC

SITUATION

At around 0100Z this morning, DPRS forces attacked the ROS.  The main brunt of the attack was focused on the border town of 
Corazol, with the entire town taken within an hour. The DPRS assault then forked and push both north to the airport, and south
towards Ortego. The north DPRS thrust was quickly stopped due to both the timely arrival of the ROS QRF from the airport, and 
the steep terrain. The DPRS push south however, gained momentum and has taken most of the hinterland around Ortego, as well as
the city itself. The DPRS assault was stopped here by the ROS garrison from Dolores, however it is likely DPRS reinforcements 
will tip the balance in their favour.

SITUATION ENEMY
Known OOB of the DPRS forces as of several months ago is as follows:

DPR Army HQ
1 BN (Light Inf)
2 BN (Light Inf)
3 BN (Motorised Inf)
A Cav Sqn (Armed Recon, Wheeled IFV)
5 Bty (AA - MANPADs)
6 Bty (Mortar battery)
1 Eng Troop (Engineers)
1 Support Bn (POGs)
8 Avn Sqn (4 Med Helos)
Comando Sqn (SF - vehicles & boats)

Current Enemy disposition at 0600Z:
A Cav and 3 BN appear to be operating in and around Ortego, with 2 BN occupying Corazol and the area to the north. 
Elemnts of 6 Bty have set up somewhere west of Corazol, possibly in vicinity of the ROS Esteban barracks, caputired in the 
initial assault. 3 BN seem to have been kept in reserve, however it is unlikely they are in their known barracks south of 
Bagango - they probably have dispersed and are patrolling the northern side of Sahrani. 8 Avn Sqn with their 4 helos are 
located at their airfeld at Pita, on the NE tip of Sahrani. The whereabouts of the Commando Sqn's operators is currently unknown,
although it can be assumed they are not sitting this conflict out. Other DPRS Army units will be dispersed around the AO, however
the bulk will be using their reguluar base at Cabo Santa Lucia as home.

SITUATION FRIENDLY

OOB of the souther ROS Defence Force at <date> is as follows




